analytics: update SAT creation instructions (#1264)
sourcegraph/docs: docs/analytics/api.mdx

## Access tokens

For Sourcegraph Analytics, you can generate an access token for programmatic access using your session cookie. Tokens are long-lived with an optional expiry and have the same permissions to access instance data as the user who created them.

### Getting Started

> Tokens are first retrieved via the `cas` session cookie and then used to generate a long-lived access token. Token management is currently only available via the Sourcegraph Analytics API.

Reviewer: > Tokens are first retrieved via the `cas` session cookie

> and then used to generate a long-lived access token

This is worded as if there are two different tokens
1. retrieved via cas cookie
2. long lived token generated using 1.

Author: how about this?

"Access tokens are generated using your `cas` session cookie to create long-lived tokens for programmatic access. Token management is currently only available via the Sourcegraph Analytics API."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access tokens are created using the `cas` cookie for authentication. Access tokens are longer lived than the `cas` cookie making them more suitable for programmatic access to the Sourcegraph Analytics API.
```
